adds k3s module (#1194)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/modules/k3s.md

- `testcontainers.ContainerCustomizer`, a variadic argument for passing options.

### Container Options

When starting the K3s container, you can pass options in a variadic way to configure it.

#### Image

If you need to set a different K3s Docker image, you can use `testcontainers.WithImage` with a valid Docker image
for K3s. E.g. `testcontainers.WithImage("docker.io/rancher/k3s:latest")`.

#### Wait Strategies

If you need to set a different wait strategy for K3s, you can use `testcontainers.WithWaitStrategy` with a valid wait strategy
for K3s.

!!!info
    The default deadline for the wait strategy is 60 seconds.

At the same time, it's possible to set a wait strategy and a custom deadline with `testcontainers.WithWaitStrategyAndDeadline`.

#### Docker type modifiers

If you need an advanced configuration for K3s, you can leverage the following Docker type modifiers:

- `testcontainers.WithConfigModifier`
- `testcontainers.WithHostConfigModifier`
- `testcontainers.WithEndpointSettingsModifier`

Please read the [Create containers: Advanced Settings](../features/creating_container.md#advanced-settings) documentation for more information.

### Container Methods

> The K3s container exposes the following methods:

Reviewer: Could you please document the new `GetKubeConfig` method here in the docs? Please use the other existing modules as reference for format and code snippets 🙏

Author: Sure thing, thanks for highlighting that

Author: Added, do let me know if it needs to be improved further @mdelapenya, thanks for the help!

# K3s

Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

## Introduction

The Testcontainers module for K3s.

## Adding this module to your project dependencies

Please run the following command to add the K3s module to your Go dependencies:

```
go get github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/modules/k3s
```

## Usage example

<!--codeinclude-->
[Test for a K3s container](../../modules/k3s/k3s_test.go) inside_block: k3sRunContainer
<!--/codeinclude-->

## Module reference

The K3s module exposes one entrypoint function to create the K3s container, and this function receives two parameters:

```golang
func RunContainer(ctx context.Context, opts ...testcontainers.ContainerCustomizer) (*K3sContainer, error)
```

- `context.Context`, the Go context.
- `testcontainers.ContainerCustomizer`, a variadic argument for passing options.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Container Ports

These are the ports used by the K3s container:

<!--codeinclude-->
[Container Ports](../../modules/k3s/k3s.go) inside_block:containerPorts
<!--/codeinclude-->

```

### Container Options

When starting the K3s container, you can pass options in a variadic way to configure it.

#### Image

If you need to set a different K3s Docker image, you can use `testcontainers.WithImage` with a valid Docker image
for K3s. E.g. `testcontainers.WithImage("docker.io/rancher/k3s:latest")`.

#### Wait Strategies

If you need to set a different wait strategy for K3s, you can use `testcontainers.WithWaitStrategy` with a valid wait strategy
for K3s.

!!!info
    The default deadline for the wait strategy is 60 seconds.

At the same time, it's possible to set a wait strategy and a custom deadline with `testcontainers.WithWaitStrategyAndDeadline`.

#### Docker type modifiers

If you need an advanced configuration for K3s, you can leverage the following Docker type modifiers:

- `testcontainers.WithConfigModifier`
- `testcontainers.WithHostConfigModifier`
- `testcontainers.WithEndpointSettingsModifier`

Please read the [Create containers: Advanced Settings](../features/creating_container.md#advanced-settings) documentation for more information.

### Container Methods

The K3s container exposes the following methods:

#### GetKubeConfig

> GetKubeConfig returns modified kubeconfig with server url that should be used for connecting
> to the Kubernetes Rest Client API with your Kubernetes client. It'll be returned in the format:
> `[]bytes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GetKubeConfig` method returns the K3s cluster's `kubeconfig`, including the server URL, to be used for connecting
to the Kubernetes Rest Client API using a Kubernetes client. It'll be returned in the format of `[]bytes`.
```

# K3s

Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

## Introduction

The Testcontainers module for K3s.

## Adding this module to your project dependencies

Please run the following command to add the K3s module to your Go dependencies:

```
go get github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/modules/k3s
```

## Usage example

<!--codeinclude-->

> [Creating a K3s container](../../modules/k3s/k3s.go)

Reviewer: I'll narrow down the code snippet to the only block calling the RunContainer function

Author: Ohh, perfect only, done that now, thanks a lot!

for K3s. E.g. `testcontainers.WithImage("docker.io/rancher/k3s:latest")`.

#### Wait Strategies

If you need to set a different wait strategy for K3s, you can use `testcontainers.WithWaitStrategy` with a valid wait strategy
for K3s.

!!!info
    The default deadline for the wait strategy is 60 seconds.

At the same time, it's possible to set a wait strategy and a custom deadline with `testcontainers.WithWaitStrategyAndDeadline`.

#### Docker type modifiers

If you need an advanced configuration for K3s, you can leverage the following Docker type modifiers:

- `testcontainers.WithConfigModifier`
- `testcontainers.WithHostConfigModifier`
- `testcontainers.WithEndpointSettingsModifier`

Please read the [Create containers: Advanced Settings](../features/creating_container.md#advanced-settings) documentation for more information.

### Container Methods

The K3s container exposes the following methods:

#### GetkubeConfigYaml

GetkubeConfigYaml returns modified kubeconfig with server url that should be used for connecting
to the Kubernetes Rest Client API with your Kubernetes client. It'll be returned in the format:
`[]bytes`

<!--codeinclude-->

> [Get Kubeconifg Yaml](../../modules/k3s/k3s_test.go) inside_block:getkubeConfigYaml

Reviewer: There `geykubeConfigYaml` block is not declared in the code. Phrase take a look at the existing examples

Author: Thanks for pointing this, I was wondering only from where this inside_block thing is being handled, just did it!

Reviewer: Yeah, it's our fault not having it documented yet

Author: Would Love to be of help there
